[IMP] Accounting: Update Peruvian localization (#956)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/fiscal_localizations/localizations/peru.rst

- **OSE**: Electronic Service Operator, `OSE SUNAT's definition 
  <https://cpe.sunat.gob.pe/aliados/ose#:~:text=El%20Operador%20de%20Servicios%20Electr%C3%B3nicos%20(OSE)%20es%20qui%C3%A9n%20se%20encarga,otro%20documento%20que%20se%20emita>`_.
- **CDR**: Receipt certificate (Constancia de Recepción). 

> - **SOL Credentials**: Sunat Operaciones en Línea. User and password provided by the SUNAT and
>   grants access to Online Operations systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SOL Credentials**: Sunat Operaciones en Línea. User and password are provided by the SUNAT and
  grant access to Online Operations systems.
```

  
- Provide you SOL credentials.

.. important::

>    When using direct connection with the SUNAT, the Sol User must be set with the Company RUT + User

Reviewer: shouldn't it be `SOL` user ? (Also, I don't see any explanation on what the SOL means on the page :thinking:, if it is an acronym for something, it could be interesting to specify its representation on the first use of the acronym).

Reviewer 2: You're right.

From what I understand, SOL is a bit like the Belgian Intervat. I guess that this is why it isn't explained here. So the description on line 94 explained its use well. I added the acronym detail in the same fashion as the other lines before. (I think that the `:abbr:` directive wouldn't work between `**` anyway...)

Thanks @Feyensv :)
